Privacy
=======

Updated january 22nd, 2023

1\. Introduction
----------------

This privacy policy (the “Policy”) applies to Together Computer Inc, the together.ai website, and the model training, fine-tuning, serving, and inference platform (the “Services”). Together, Inc. (the “Company”) is a research-focused enterprise that provides first-in-class model training and inference services.

As used in this Policy, “personal data” means any information that relates to, describes, or could be used to identify an individual, directly or indirectly.

Applicability: This Policy applies to personal data that the Company collects, uses, and discloses and which may include: (i) data collected through the Services, (ii) data collected through the process of training the Company machine learning algorithms, (iii) data collected through the Company websites, and (iv) data collected from third party sources. Third party sources may include, but not be limited to: public databases, commercial data sources, and the public internet. When you make purchases, we use third-party payment processors to collect credit card or other financial information. The Company does not store the credit card or payment information you provide, only confirmation that payment was made. **We do not use any data collected from you to train our models without your explicit opt-in and consent. You may revoke that consent at any time and request deletion of information we have collected. You may also disable some data collection in the settings for your product. We allow you to tweak your privacy settings in our platform so that we do not retain training data, prompts or model responses for any purpose. You can tweak your privacy settings by going to Settings > Profile.**

This Policy does not apply to the following information:

* Personal Data about the Company employees, and certain contractors and  
    agents acting in similar roles.

Changes: We may update this Policy from time-to-time to reflect changes in legal, regulatory, operational requirements, our practices, and other factors. Please check this Policy periodically for updates. If any of the changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Policy.

Definitions: Through this Policy, You, or Your means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to the Together Computer Inc. “Usage Data” refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). “Summary Table” refers to the table below which describes the types of data collected and the storage, access, and deletion options available to You. 

2\. Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
-------------------------------------------

2.1 Types of Data Collected  
2.1.1 Personal Data  
While interacting with the Services, You may provide certain personally identifiable information that could be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

* Your username for the Services
* Your IP address
* Usage Data
* Tracking Technologies and Cookies
* Contact Information
* Organizational Information like your company title
* Your Email
* Cookies
* Other data that you elect to send to the Company

2.2 Use of Your Personal Data

**Data that we collect, including your Personal Data, will not be used to train the Company’s models without your explicit opt-in and consent.** The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

* To provide, maintain, and improve our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
* To manage Your account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
* For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
* To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
* To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
* To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
* For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
* For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

2.3 Sharing of Your Personal Data
---------------------------------

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

* With Service Providers, Third Party Vendors, Consultants, and other Business Partners: We may share Your personal information with these parties in order to provide services on our behalf, monitor and analyze the use of our services, contact You, and for the reasons stated in the Agreement. 
* For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
* With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
* With Law Enforcement: Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). To the extent we receive a request from Law Enforcement for Your personal data, we will promptly notify You and provide You with a copy of the request, unless we are legally prohibited from doing so.
* With Other Parties in order to:

1. Comply with a legal obligation
2. Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
3. Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
4. Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
5. Protect against legal liability

2.4 Retention of Your Personal Data
-----------------------------------

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

2.5 Transfer of Your Personal Data
----------------------------------

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information

### 2.6 Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### 2.7 Specific Data Collection and Deletion Policy

| Together Product | Type of Personal Data | How to access | How to request deletion |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Inference | Prompts | User History in Playgrounds | Delete option in settings |
| Inference | Model responses | User History in Playgrounds | Delete option in settings |
| Fine-tuning | Training data files | CLI or Jobs tab in Playground | Delete option in settings |
| Fine-tuning | Models created | CLI or Jobs tab in Playground | Delete option in settings |
| GPU Clusters | Customer provided data | Email privacy@together.ai | Email privacy@together.ai |
| Custom Model Builds | Customer provided data | Email privacy@together.ai | Email privacy@together.ai |
| Website | Analytics cookie | In website cookie manager | In website cookie manager |

### 3\. Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

### 4\. Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### 5\. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Version Effective Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### 6\. Supplemental Terms and Conditions for Certain Regions

**Europe  
**If You are located in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (the “UK”) Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described in this Policy will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you.

The Company may share information internally or with third parties, as further described in this Policy. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK with third parties, we make use of a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate.

Additionally You have the following data protection rights:

* You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.
* You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.
* If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
* You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.

Some of these rights may be exercised through Your account settings, as described in the Summary Table. In order to exercise any other privacy rights not specifically enumerated here you may contact privacy@together.ai.

**California  
**This Statement applies solely to residents of California or individuals whose information has been collected in California. The Company has adopted and included this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Any terms used in this Statement that are defined in the CCPA have the same meaning given therein.

SELLING INFORMATION  
The Company does not sell Your Personal Information, as defined under CCPA. If in the future we do sell your personal information, we will notify you and you may have the right to opt-out of such sale.

YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES  
The CCPA provides individuals residing in California or whose Personal Information was collected in California with specific rights regarding their Personal information. The below describes your rights and how you may exercise them.

Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights  
You have the right to request that the Company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once the Company receives and confirms your verifiable information access request, the Company must disclose to you: (i) the categories of Personal Information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or, if applicable, selling that Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information; (v) the specific data points or pieces of Personal Information we collected about you. If we disclosed for a business purpose or sold your Personal Information, the Company must also provide separate lists that: (x) identify the personal information categories that were sold to each category of recipient in connection with sales of your Personal Information; and (y) identify the personal information categories that were provided to each category of recipient in connection with business purposes disclosures of your Personal Information.

Deletion Request Rights  
You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and/or retained. Unless subject to a certain limited exception, once the Company receives and confirms your verifiable data deletion request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records. The Company will notify you promptly if it determines it must deny your deletion request.

Do Not Sell Opt-Out Rights  
You have the right to opt-out of any sales, as defined by the CCPA, of Personal Information by the Company. However, the Company does not sell your information.

EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS  
To exercise your access, data portability, and deletion or do not sell opt-out rights described above, you may submit a verifiable consumer request by any of the following means: By email to privacy@together.ai.

You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability up to two times within a 12-month period. You may make a verifiable do not sell opt-out request at any time. Any such request must: (i) provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative thereof; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail such that we may understand, evaluate, and respond to it. The Company cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with the Company. The Company will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.

Response Timing and Format  
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you in writing of the extension period and the reason for it. The Company will deliver any required or requested responses or other communications in writing to you by email. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. If applicable, the response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, the Company will provide your personal information in a format that is readily usable and transferable. The Company does not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless such requests become excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA. If we determine that a request warrants charging a fee, we will notify you and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.

SELLING INFORMATION  
The Company does not sell Your Personal Information, as defined under CCPA. If in the future we do sell your personal information, we will notify you and you may have the right to opt-out of such sale.

YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES  
The CCPA provides individuals residing in California or whose Personal Information was collected in California with specific rights regarding their Personal information. The below describes your rights and how you may exercise them.

Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights  
You have the right to request that the Company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once the Company receives and confirms your verifiable information access request, the Company must disclose to you: (i) the categories of Personal Information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or, if applicable, selling that Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information; (v) the specific data points or pieces of Personal Information we collected about you. If we disclosed for a business purpose or sold your Personal Information, the Company must also provide separate lists that: (x) identify the personal information categories that were sold to each category of recipient in connection with sales of your Personal Information; and (y) identify the personal information categories that were provided to each category of recipient in connection with business purposes disclosures of your Personal Information.

Deletion Request Rights  
You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and/or retained. Unless subject to a certain limited exception, once the Company receives and confirms your verifiable data deletion request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records. The Company will notify you promptly if it determines it must deny your deletion request.

Do Not Sell Opt-Out Rights  
You have the right to opt-out of any sales, as defined by the CCPA, of Personal Information by the Company. However, the Company does not sell your information.

EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS  
To exercise your access, data portability, and deletion or do not sell opt-out rights described above, you may submit a verifiable consumer request by any of the following means: By email to privacy@together.ai.

You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability up to two times within a 12-month period. You may make a verifiable do not sell opt-out request at any time. Any such request must: (i) provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative thereof; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail such that we may understand, evaluate, and respond to it. The Company cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with the Company. The Company will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.

Response Timing and Format  
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you in writing of the extension period and the reason for it. The Company will deliver any required or requested responses or other communications in writing to you by email. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. If applicable, the response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, the Company will provide your personal information in a format that is readily usable and transferable. The Company does not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless such requests become excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA. If we determine that a request warrants charging a fee, we will notify you and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.

### 7\. Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Policy, or would otherwise like to exercise your rights under this Policy or applicable law, you can contact us at [security-privacy@together.ai](mailto:security-privacy@together.ai)