Data Processing Agreement

**Effective 6 February 2025**

This data processing agreement (the “**Data Processing Agreement**” or the “**DPA**”) is entered into by and between you (the “**Customer**” or “**you**”) and Mistral AI as of the Effective Date. This DPA only applies if Customer is a business entity and uses the Services to process personal data on behalf of its business.

1\. Definitions
---------------

For the purposes of this Data Processing Agreement:

(a) “**Agreement**” means the service agreement (including the Terms of Service and any applicable Additional Terms) entered into by and between the Parties, governing the provision of the Services by Mistral AI to the Customer. The DPA is hereby incorporated to the Agreement by reference.

(b) “**Applicable Data Protection Law**” means any applicable national, federal, EU, state, provincial or other privacy, data security, or data protection law or regulation, including, to the extent applicable, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 applicable since 25 May 2018 (the “**GDPR**”).

(c) “**Authorized Purpose**” means the authorized purpose for the Processing as set out in Exhibit 1.

(d) “**Customer Data**” means (i) the input provided by Customer, Customer’s authorized users or Customer’s end-users (the “**Input**”), (ii) the output generated by the Services (the “**Output**”), and (iii) the feedback (if any) provided by Customer to evaluate the output generated by the Services by using the thumbs up or thumbs down feature on Le Chat (the “**Feedback**”).

(e) “**International Data Transfer**” means any transfer of Personal Data to a Restricted Country.

(f) “**Processing**” means the processing of Personal Data described in Exhibit 1.

(g) “**Restricted Country**” means any country located outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) and that does not benefit from an adequacy decision from the European Commission.

(h) “**SCC**” means the clauses annexed to the EU Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914 of June 4, 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to the GDPR.

(i) “**Services**” means the services provided by Mistral AI to the Customer under the Agreement.

(j) “**Subprocessor**” means any Processor appointed by Mistral AI to carry-out all or part of the Processing on behalf of the Customer.

The terms “**Controller**”, “**Processor**”, “**Data Subjects**”, “**Personal Data**”, “**Personal Data Breach**”, and “**Supervisory Authority**” as used in this Agreement will have the meanings in the Applicable Data Protection Law. The capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning given in the Agreement.

2\. Role of the Parties and description of the Processing
---------------------------------------------------------

### 2.1 Role of the Parties

Customer is the Controller of the Processing. Mistral AI processes the Personal Data on behalf of Customer, as Processor, to provide the Services to Customer, solely for the Authorized Purpose.

### 2.2 Description of the Processing

A description of the Processing is available in Exhibit 1 of this DPA. Mistral AI may update the description of the Processing from time to time to reflect new Services, features, functionalities or Subprocessors.

### 2.3 Mistral AI as Controller

If Customer uses the Services under an unpaid subscription, or if Customer uses the Services under a paid subscription and has not opted-out of training through the features on its account, Customer authorizes Mistral AI to process the Personal Data, including Feedback, as Controller for the purpose of training, improving or enhancing its Services, including its artificial intelligence models. If Customer uses the paid Services and if such paid Services are not opted-out by default, Customer can opt-out of the training at any time by using the applicable setting on its account.

3\. General obligations of the Parties
--------------------------------------

### 3.1 Mutual obligations of the Parties

Each Party shall comply with their respective obligations under the Applicable Data Protection Law and shall not, by any act or omission, cause the other to be in breach of any such obligations under the Applicable Data Protection Law.

### 3.2 Obligations of Mistral AI

Mistral AI shall:

* Process the Personal Data only (a) in accordance with the documented lawful instructions of Customer as set forth in this DPA, and (b) for no purpose other than the Authorized Purpose, unless required to do so by the applicable laws. In such a case, Mistral AI shall promptly inform Customer of such legal requirement, unless prohibited to do so by applicable law and/or on important grounds of public interest,
* Promptly inform Customer if, in its opinion, Customer’s instructions regarding the Processing infringe the Applicable Data Protection Law. In such an event, Mistral AI is entitled to refuse to perform the Processing that it believes to be in violation of the Applicable Data Protection Law,
* Ensure that any person Mistral AI authorizes to process Personal Data (including Mistral AI team members and the Subprocessors), is subject to a duty of confidentiality, whether by contract or statutory, and must not allow any person to process Personal Data who is not under such confidentiality obligations, and
* Taking into account the nature of the Processing and the information available to Mistral AI, upon Customer’s written request and to the extent that is (a) commercially reasonable and (b) required by the Applicable Data Protection Law, provide Customer with reasonable and timely assistance (i) in the event of an investigation from a Supervisory Authority related to the Processing, (ii) to conduct a data protection impact assessment, (iii) in case of a prior consultation with a Supervisory Authority, (iv) to allow Customer to comply with its obligations under Article 32 of the GDPR, always subject to confidentiality and trade secrets, and (v) to contribute to the audits performed by Customer under Section 9 of this DPA.

### 3.3 Obligations of Customer

Customer shall:

* Comply with its obligations under the Applicable Data Protection Law regarding the Processing and any instruction provided to Mistral AI,
* Provide notice and obtain all consents and rights required by the Applicable Data Protection Law for Mistral AI to process Personal Data as part of the Processing, under this DPA.

4\. Data Subjects
-----------------

### 4.1 Customer responsibility

Customer shall (a) provide Data Subjects with the information required by the Applicable Data Protection Law and (b) respond to all Data Subjects requests to exercise their rights regarding the Processing.

### 4.2 Assistance

Taking into account the nature of the Processing and upon Customer’s request, Mistral AI shall provide Customer with commercially reasonable assistance to enable Customer to respond to requests from Data Subjects to exercise their rights.

### 4.3 Requests sent to Mistral AI

In the event that any Data Subject request is made directly to Mistral AI, Mistral AI will not respond to such request directly without the Customer’s prior consent, unless required to do so by applicable law. Instead, Mistral AI will transfer that request to Customer who will then be solely responsible to respond to such request. If Mistral AI is legally required to respond to the Data Subjects’ request, Mistral AI will promptly notify the Customer of such legal requirement and provide it with a copy of the request unless prohibited to do so by applicable law.

5\. Security
------------

### 5.1 Security measures

Taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of Processing, as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons, Mistral AI shall implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Data from any Personal Data Breach and to preserve the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data. The security measures implemented by Mistral AI under this DPA are listed in Exhibit 2 of this DPA. Customer acknowledges that such security measures are subject to technical progress and development and that Mistral AI may update them from time to time, provided that such updates do not materially decrease the overall security of the Processing.

### 5.2 Customer responsibility

Mistral AI’s security obligations under this DPA apply without prejudice to Customer’s own security obligations under the Applicable Data Protection Law.

6\. Personal Data Breach
------------------------

### 6.1 Notification

Taking into account the nature of the Processing and the information available to Mistral AI, Mistral AI shall notify Customer of any Personal Data Breach without undue delay and where feasible after becoming aware of such Personal Data Breach. Mistral AI’s notification of or response to a Personal Data Breach in accordance with this Section 6 (Personal Data Breach) shall not be construed as an acknowledgment by Mistral AI of any fault or liability with respect to the Personal Data Breach.

### 6.2 Notification content

This notification shall include:

* The name and contact details of Mistral AI’s point of contact point where more information can be obtained,
* The nature of the Personal Data Breach, including but not limited to the categories and number of Data Subjects and Personal Data concerned by the Personal Data Breach,
* A description of the measures Customer could take to mitigate the possible adverse effects of the Personal Data Breach and to prevent from another potential Personal Data Breach,
* The likely consequences of the Personal Data Breach, and
* The measures proposed or taken by Mistral AI following the Personal Data Breach, including to prevent from any new occurrence.

### 6.3 Customer responsibility

Customer is solely responsible for notifying the Personal Data Breach to the Supervisory Authority and/or to the Data Subjects.

### 6.4 Assistance

Upon Customer’s written request, taking into account the nature of the Processing and the information available to Mistral AI, Mistral AI shall provide the Customer with commercially reasonable assistance with respect to Customer’s compliance with its obligation to communicate the Personal Data Breach to Data Subjects, when required by the Applicable Data Protection Laws. If necessary, Mistral AI shall provide Customer with commercially reasonable and timely assistance to mitigate or remediate the Personal Data Breach.

7\. Subprocessing
-----------------

### 7.1 General authorization

Customer provides a prior and general authorization allowing Mistral AI to appoint any Subprocessors to assist Mistral AI in the provision of the Services and in the Processing, in accordance with the terms of this DPA. This authorisation is subject to the following:

* Mistral AI will maintain an up-to-date list of its Subprocessors on Mistral AI’s website, including in the online version of Exhibit 1 of this DPA,
* Mistral AI will notify Customer of any addition or replacement of a Subprocessor to this list in accordance with this Section 7 (Subprocessing),
* Mistral AI will enter into a written agreement with each Subprocessor imposing data protection terms that require the Subprocessor to protect the Personal Data to the same standards provided by this DPA, and
* Mistral AI will remain liable to Customer if such Subprocessor fails to fulfill its data protection obligations with regard to the relevant Processing activities under the DPA.

### 7.2 Notification

Mistral AI will provide reasonable notice to the Customer of any changes to the list of Subprocessors prior to engaging such Subprocessor. The Customer may object in writing to Mistral AI’s appointment of a new Subprocessor within ten (10) days of such notice, provided that such objection is based on reasonable grounds relating to the Applicable Data Protection Law, otherwise such new Subprocessor will be deemed approved. If Customer provides observations during this ten (10) days period, the parties will consult and negotiate in good faith to find a mutually acceptable resolution to address any objections raised by Customer.

8\. Transfers of Personal Data to a Restricted Country
------------------------------------------------------

### 8.1 General authorization

Customer authorized Mistral AI to transfer Personal Data to any country deemed to have an adequate level of data protection by the European Commission. Customer also authorizes Mistral AI to perform International Data Transfers to (a) on the basis of adequate safeguards in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Laws, or (b) pursuant to the SCCs.

### 8.2 Customer located in a Restricted Country

This Section only applies if Customer is located in a Restricted Country. By accepting this DPA, Mistral AI and Customer conclude Module 4 (Processor-to-Controller) of the SCCs which applies to any International Data Transfer conducted by Mistral AI acting as a Data Processor and is hereby incorporated and completed as follows:

* The “data exporter” is Mistral AI and the “data importer” is the Customer;
* The optional docking clause in Clause 7 is implemented; the optional redress clause in Clause 11(a) is struck;
* The governing law in Clause 17 is the law of France;
* The courts in Clause 18(b) are the Courts of France; and
* Annex I and II to the Module 4 of the SCCs are Exhibit 1 and 2 to this DPA respectively.

9\. Audit
---------

### 9.1 Document audit

Upon Customer’s written request, Mistral AI will make available all documents and information to demonstrate that the Processing carried-out by Mistral AI complies with this DPA in a timely manner, to the extent that is commercially reasonable and required by the Applicable Data Protection Laws, subject to confidentiality and trade secrets.

### 9.2 Onsite audit

Only to the extent Customer cannot reasonably be satisfied with Mistral AI’s compliance with this DPA through the exercise of the audit set out in Section 9 (Audit) of this DPA, Customer may conduct up to one (1) audit per year to verify Mistral AI’s compliance with this DPA, under the conditions defined below:

* This audit must be conducted with reasonable advance written notice of at least ninety (90) calendar days,
* This audit shall be carried out by an independent auditor selected jointly by the Parties for its expertise, independence and impartiality and which is, in any event, not a direct or indirect competitor of the Mistral AI,
* The selected auditor shall be bound by a confidentiality agreement and/or by professional secrecy,
* This audit shall be conducted during Mistral AI’s regular business hours,
* This audit shall restrict its findings to only information and/or Personal Data relevant to Customer,
* The audit shall not unreasonably impair or slow down the Services offered by Mistral AI or affect the organizational management of the Mistral AI,
* Mistral AI will contribute to the audit upon Customer’s request and to the extent that is commercially reasonable,
* An identical copy of the audit report shall be given to both Parties following the completion of the audit. Each Party may make observations regarding the audit report,
* The costs of this audit shall be borne exclusively by Customer.

10\. Return or destruction of Personal Data
-------------------------------------------

### 10.1 Return or destruction

After the end of the provision of the Services, Mistral AI will delete or return to Customer all Personal Data processed on Customer’s behalf, in accordance with Mistral AI’s deletion policies and procedures. Customer acknowledges that the Personal Data will no longer be accessible upon the expiry of a thirty (30) days period following the termination of the Customer’s access to and use of the Services.

11\. General
------------

### 11.1 Term

This DPA shall commence on the effective date of the Agreement and will continue for the duration of the Agreement.

### 11.2 Incorporation and conflict

The Data Processing Addendum (DPA) is incorporated in the Agreement by reference and forms an integral part of the Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the DPA and this Agreement, the terms of the DPA shall prevail to the extent of such conflict.

### 11.3 Liability

The liability of each party and each party’s affiliates under this DPA is subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in the Agreement.

EXHIBIT 1 - Description of the Processing
-----------------------------------------

Mistral AI may update the description of the Processing from time to time to reflect new Services, features, functionalities or Subprocessors.

### 1 La Plateforme

#### 1.1 List of the Parties

* **Controller:** Customer
* **Controller’s privacy contact:** email address associated with Customer’s account on the Mistral AI platform
* **Processor:** Mistral AI
* **Processor privacy contact:** [privacy@mistral.ai](mailto:privacy@mistral.ai)

#### 1.2 Description of the Processing

**Categories of Data Subjects:**

* Customer;
* Customer’s authorized users;
* Customer’s end-users;
* Any other natural person whose Personal Data is included in the Customer Data.

**Categories of Personal Data:**

* Customer’s and Customer’s authorized users’ account data, such as professional contact details, name of the organization or Mistral AI user ID or workspace ID;
* Customer’s API Key (if any);
* Any Personal Data included in the Customer Data;
* Any Personal Data associated with a support request made by Customer or Customer’s authorized users, such as Customer’s or Customer’s authorized users’ name, email address, or any other personal data included within the request.

**Special categories of Personal Data:**

* None. Customer does not process sensitive data under this DPA. In case Customer wishes to process sensitive data, Customer shall contact Mistral AI by email at [privacy@mistral.ai](mailto:privacy@mistral.ai)

**Frequency of the Processing:**

* On a continuous basis.

**Nature of the Processing:**

* The Personal Data will be processed as described in this DPA.

**Authorized Purposes:**

* The provision of the Services associated with La Plateforme, including:
    * Managing the Customer’s and Customer’s authorized users’ accounts;
    * Generation of Output based on Input;
    * Fine-tuning Models with Customer’s Input,
    * Agent creation based on Customer’s Input, and
    * Processing Customer’s support requests.
* When Customer does not have a paid subscription: de-identifying the Personal Data included in Your Data for the purpose of training or improving the Models on such de-identified data.

**Duration of the Processing:**

* The term of this DPA.

**Retention Periods:**

* **Customer Data:**
    * The Input and Output are stored for the duration of the generation of the Outputs. Mistral AI retains the Inputs and Outputs for thirty (30) rolling days to monitor abuse as a Data Controller, unless zero data retention is activated. In such a case, the Input and Output are stored for the duration of generating the Output and then deleted.
    * If Customer uses the Fine-Tuning API, the Input (including fine-tuning data) is stored for the duration of the fine-tuning job and until the deletion of the Input by Customer on the Services.
* **Account data:**
    * For the duration of the registration of the Customer and Customer’s authorized users and for 1 year from the termination of such registration.
* **Customer support data:**
    * For the duration necessary to process Customer’s request and for five (5) additional years for evidential purposes.

#### 1.3 Subprocessors

* **Azure:**
    * **Purpose:** Cloud Infrastructure.
    * **Data location:** Sweden.
* **Cerebras:**
    * **Purpose:** Cloud infrastructure. The Personal Data is encrypted and zero data retention is activated (data is retained solely for the duration of processing the request).
    * **Data location:** United States.
    * **Opt-in:** By default, Customer Data is not processed by Cerebras. Customer Data is only processed by Cerebras if Customer opts-in. 

* **Google Cloud Platform (only if you use the US API):**
    * **Purpose:** Cloud Infrastructure only for the US API.
    * **Data location:** United States.
* **Intercom:**
    * **Purpose:** Customer support management.
    * **Data location:** United States.

### 2 Le Chat

#### 2.1 List of the Parties

* **Controller:** Customer
* **Controller’s privacy contact:** email address associated with Customer’s account on the Mistral AI platform
* **Processor:** Mistral AI
* **Processor privacy contact:** [privacy@mistral.ai](mailto:privacy@mistral.ai)

#### 2.2 Description of the Processing

**Categories of Data Subjects:**

* Customer;
* Customer’s authorized users;
* Customer’s end-users;
* Any other natural person whose Personal Data is included in the Customer Data.

**Categories of Personal Data:**

* Customer’s and Customer’s authorized users’ account data, such as professional contact details, name of the organization or Mistral AI user ID or workspace ID;
* Any Personal Data included in the Customer Data or in the Third-Party Content;
* Any Personal Data associated with a support request made by Customer or Customer’s authorized users, such as Customer’s or Customer’s authorized users’ name, email address, or any other personal data included within the request.

**Special categories of Personal Data:**

* None. Customer does not process sensitive data under this DPA. In case Customer wishes to process sensitive data, Customer shall contact Mistral AI by email at [privacy@mistral.ai](mailto:privacy@mistral.ai).

**Frequency of the Processing:**

* On a continuous basis.

**Nature of the Processing:**

* The Personal Data will be processed as described in this DPA.

**Authorized Purposes:**

* The provision of the Services associated with Le Chat, including:
    * Managing the Customer’s and Customer’s authorized users’ accounts;
    * Generation of Output based on Input;
    * Displaying Input, Output and Third-Party Content history on Le Chat;
    * Managing Customer’s or Customer’s authorized users’ shared conversations;
    * Agent creation based on Customer’s Input;
    * Processing Customer’s support requests.
* When Customer uses an unpaid subscription or when Customer uses Le Chat Pro and has not opted-out of the training: de-identifying the Personal Data included by Customer in the User Data for the purpose of training or improving the models or the Services on such de-identified data. If Customer uses other paid subscriptions such as Le Chat Team or Le Chat Enterprise, Mistral AI will not use the Customer Data for training purposes, unless Customer authorizes Mistral AI to do so by activating such option on its account.

**Duration of the Processing:**

* The term of this DPA.

**Retention Periods:**

* **Customer Data:**
    * The Customer Data is stored until its deletion by Customer or Customer’s authorized users.
* **Account data:**
    * For the duration of the registration of the Customer and Customer’s authorized users and for 1 year from the termination of such registration.
* **Customer support data:**
    * For the duration necessary to process Customer’s request and for five (5) additional years for evidential purposes.

#### 2.3 Authorized Recipients

**Sub-processors:**

* **Azure:** 
    * **Purpose:** Cloud Infrastructure.
    * **Data location:** Sweden. 
* **Black Forest Labs:**
    * **Purpose:** Image generation.
    * **Data location:** United States.
    * **Opt-out:** Customer can opt-out of Black Forest Labs at any time by using the settings in Customer’s account.
* **Brave:**
    * **Purpose:** Websearch.
    * **Data location:** United States.
    * **Opt-out:** Customer can opt-out of using Brave at any time by using the settings in Customer’s account.
* **Cerebras:**
    * **Purpose:** Cloud infrastructure. The Personal Data is encrypted and zero data retention is activated (data is retained solely for the duration of processing the request).
    * **Data location:** United States.
    * **Opt-out:** Customer can opt-out of using Cerebra's at any time by using the settings in Customer’s account (deactivating flash answers).
* **E2B:**
    * **Purpose:** provide the code interpreter feature on Le Chat. 
    * **Data location:** United States. 
* **Google Cloud Platform:**
    * **Purpose:** Cloud Infrastructure.
    * **Data location:** Ireland, United States.

### 3 Providing Support Services through Partners

#### 3.1 List of the Parties

* **Controller:** Customer
* **Controller’s privacy contact:** email address provided to the Partner (as defined in the Partner-Hosted Deployment Terms)
* **Processor:** Mistral AI
* **Processor privacy contact:** [privacy@mistral.ai](mailto:privacy@mistral.ai)

#### 3.2 Description of the Processing

**Categories of Data Subjects:**

* Customer;
* Customer’s authorized users;
* Any person whose Personal Data is included in Customer’s support request.

**Categories of Personal Data:**

* Professional contact details, such as name and professional email address;
* Any Personal Data included in Customer’s or Customer’s authorized user’s support request.

**Special categories of Personal Data:**

* None.

**Frequency of the Processing:**

* On a continuous basis.

**Nature of the Processing:**

* The Personal Data will be processed as described in this DPA and the Partner-Hosted Deployment Terms.

**Authorized Purposes:**

* The provision of support services when Customer uses the Services through a Partner.

**Duration of the Processing:**

* The term of this DPA.

**Retention Periods:**

* **Customer Support:**
    * For the duration necessary to process Customer’s request and for five (5) additional years for evidential purposes.

#### 3.3 Authorized recipients

**Sub-processors:**

* **Intercom:** Support management. The Personal Data are stored in the United States.

**Third-Parties:**

* The Partner.

EXHIBIT 2 - Technical and organizational measures
-------------------------------------------------

The technical and organizational measures implemented by Mistral AI are listed in Mistral AI’s trust center available at [https://trust.mistral.ai/](https://trust.mistral.ai/).

Mistral AI may update these measures at any time, subject to Section 5 (Security) of the DPA.