Platform Guidelines
-------------------

##### Effective December 15, 2023

[Download](https://jasper.pactsafe.io/versions/657c954d0ddb9195c5fdc69a.pdf)

* * *

### Table of Contents

* * *

**Platform Guidelines**

1. The Services are powered by generative artificial intelligence. Given the rapidly evolving nature of this technology, the Services may produce inaccurate information about people, places, or facts. Customer acknowledges, on behalf of itself and its Users, that (i) it and its Users should scrutinize the veracity of any information included in Output from the Services; and (ii) the Output may find offensive, indecent, incorrect, or objectionable. Under no circumstances shall Jasper be liable in any way for any Output, including any errors or omissions in any Output, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of Customer’s or any User’s use of any Output. To the extent that Customer or its Users relies upon the factual accuracy of any Output, Customer acknowledges that it does so entirely at its own risk.
2. User access credentials are intended for use by the designated individual only and cannot be shared. Customer agrees to provide accurate, current and complete account and User information and to store its copy of the access credentials securely. As a part of the Service, Users are given the ability to add other Users to their accounts and enable other Users to access or modify Customer Property included in such account. Customer is solely responsible for managing which Users have access to such Customer Property and for all activity that occurs under its account.
3. Customer and its Users shall at all times abide by the Acceptable Use Policy available at [legal.jasper.ai/#aup](https://legal.jasper.ai/#aup) ("AUP"). Jasper further reserves the right to make formatting changes, edits, and otherwise modify any Inputs or Outputs that violate the AUP. Jasper can also limit or revoke the use of the Service if Customer or any User violates the AUP.
4. Customer shall comply with Jasper’s Fair Use Policy accessible at legal.jasper.ai/#fair-use and is otherwise prohibited from engaging in abnormally high usage. For any illegal activity or sharing login details of your account with others, Customer’s account may be blocked or permanently deleted without any notice. No claim of any sort in this regard will be accepted and no refunds will be issued. By using the Services, Customer acknowledges and agrees that any claims/disputes in this regard raised by Customer or by its bank will be automatically rejected.
5. Except for uses that are expressly permitted (for example, in the Documentation or in an Order Form), Customer will not, and will ensure that Users do not: (i) sell, resell, rent, lease, or otherwise distribute any portion of the Service; (ii) use the Services other than in accordance with the Documentation or in a manner that interferes with, unduly burdens, or disrupts the integrity, performance, or availability of the Service (for example, by conducting load tests or penetration tests without Jasper’s prior written consent); (iii) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or to Jasper’s or its third party suppliers’ related systems or networks; (iv) access any portion of the Services for the purpose of building a similar or competitive product or service, or monitor the Services for any benchmarking or competitive purpose; (v) introduce, disseminate, or otherwise enable any viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, worms, malware, spam, or malicious code using the Service; (vi) copy, modify, translate, or create a derivative work of any Jasper Property; (vii) ) reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or underlying components of models, algorithms, or systems included in the Jasper Property (except to the extent such restrictions are contrary to applicable law); (viii) submit any sensitive Personal Data (including government issued identification numbers, financial account information, payment card information, and personal health information) to the Services; (ix) mislead any person that the Output was human generated; or (x) alter, remove or violate any copyright or other intellectual property notice appearing in connection with the Services.
6. Jasper will process and investigate proper notices of alleged copyright or other intellectual property infringement related to material submitted through Customer’s account, and will respond appropriately, following the guidelines of the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act and other applicable intellectual property laws. Customer agrees to use the Services in a manner that will not violate any third-party copyright, trade secret, publicity, trademark, or other Intellectual Property Rights.
7. Jasper reserves the right to monitor the use of the Services for security and operational purposes and make modifications to the features and functionality of the Services during the Subscription Term. Jasper may immediately suspend or throttle access to the Services if (i) Jasper reasonably believes that a User or Customer is in breach of this Agreement; (ii) a User or Customer engages in excessive utilization of the Services which affects, or could reasonably likely (in Jasper’s opinion) affect, system availability or performance, or (iii) if Jasper in good faith suspects that any third party has gained unauthorized access to the Services using a credential issued by Jasper to Customer or its Users. Jasper shall not be liable to Customer for any such suspension or throttling of Customer’s access to the Services; provided, that Jasper uses commercially reasonable efforts to provide Customer with advance notice of such action.
8. Except for legal notices of termination, material breach, force majeure or indemnification claims, Jasper may provide all business and product-related communications (e.g., release notes for product updates, privacy policy updates, critical security updates, and information on critical bugs and outages) to Customer by email, posting on the Services and/or other electronic means mutually agreed by the Parties. Jasper may rely and act on all information and instructions provided by Customer’s Users.
9. Customer is solely responsible for obtaining and maintaining all rights, licenses, and credentials necessary to use Third Party Products in connection with the Services. In addition, Customer is solely responsible for installing, operating, updating, or otherwise maintaining the operation of such Third Party Products. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Jasper does not provide any warranties, guaranties or indemnification regarding any Third Party Products. If the availability of all or a portion of the Services depends on the corresponding availability of Third Party Products, Jasper’s sole responsibility will be to use commercially reasonable efforts to update the Services to ensure continued inter-operation with Third Party Products. In no case are the providers of such Third Party Products Jasper’s third party service providers referenced in Section 6(d) of the Agreement.